well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
art and humanity and what it means to be
human and what art is and what separates
us from everything else you know we like
to pretend that we are special that
humanity is a very unique species and
that nothing can ever come close to it
we pretend that
art is one of those things that
generally is limited to humans artistic
expression is limited to humans for the
most part now define art it's a tough
question right because it's very
all-encompassing term the best
definition I ever heard was that art is
the application of human creativity to
evoke a response the application of
human creativity to evoke a response it
is said that all art is political I
believe that but it may not always be an
overtly political response the people
are trying to evoke the application of
human creativity I keep saying that
right because I ran across a website
tonight
it's called this artwork does not exist
calm and it appears to be artwork that
is generated by an algorithm they use
deep learning and it makes fine art and
it's good it I would be willing to bet
that if I took ten pieces generated by
this and ten generated by human artists
and put them out people would not know
which was which if you don't know this
is the latest in a series of websites
like this there's also this person does
not exist calm human artists having to
differentiate that that's new because
what is art the application of human
creativity now there's an easy way out
here
so you don't have to ask all of the very
difficult questions that this actually
raises you know the easy way out is this
program this algorithm
the deep learning whatever it used
samples from human artists so therefore
it is still the application of human
creativity in fact the programmer the
person that taught this you know that's
also human creativity and that's an easy
way out and that sounds cool but
eventually we're gonna have to face the
fact that something produced by an
algorithm is going to evoke a response
it's going to be interpreted like any
other form of art there's the death of
the author the death of the artist once
it hits public consumption once it's out
there people are going to interpret it a
machine will be voguing manipulating
human emotion
so what separates us that's one of those
key things that makes us different the
ability to be creative in that manner
what happens when one of our creations
now creates us you know the worry is AI
rising up or whatever what if it doesn't
have to well what if Judgment Day from
the Terminator movies isn't mean robots
what if it's the creation of a bunch of
control systems that evoke emotion to
keep us where we need to be and is that
any different than the society we've
create for ourselves there's a whole
bunch of very deep philosophical
questions that were created by more than
likely somebody just seeing if they
could do something and they did it so
well that it is simultaneously amazing
and disturbing now if you are not a fan
of modern art of fine art whatever
you're probably just gonna say this
looks like something you know my kid
painted if you are a fan of it if you do
look at it and it does evoke a response
in you go uh go check out the website
because it definitely evokes a response
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night